-- Ex 1 --

Describe PDCA

Plan
Do Work
Check
Adjust

 - A plan to follow, that ensure continues improvement.
 - Method for making improvement with Quality Control
 - Method to continuely improve something, business process, project, ect

-- Ex 2 --

How do PDCA relate to when you are working on a task?

When and how do you plan?
 Before working on the task, thinking about its execution.
 - When we want to implement a change.
 - Gather as much information on the task beforehand.

When and how do you do?
 Actually during the task.
 - Executing your plan
 - Tests the things we changed/implemented

When and how do you check?
 Right after doing the work, making sure the executed task furfills criterias (usually layed out in planning stage)
 - Compare before and now, check if you furfill the cirterias
 - Review the tests, analyse the results, and identify what we learned about the task.

When and how do you act?
 After the check, think about how to better meet all criterias.
 - Check if it's better/worse than before, analyse, and check what could be done better
 - Like planning, but not planning the task, but planning what to do better
 - Take action, based on what as learned in the check, ensure the change worked.


-- Ex 3 --

How do PDCA relate to when you are working on a sprint?


When and how do you plan?
 Pre-sprint, taking backlog items and breaking them into tasks.

When and how do you do?
 Executing the sprint.

When and how do you check?
 Daily standup meetings.
 Sprint Review.

When and how do you act?
 Postsprint meeting (Retro-spective).

-- Ex 4 --
How do PDCA relate to when you are working on a project?

When and how do you plan?
 Beginning of the project, usually the first (pre-)sprint.
 Making the day-by-day plan.
 Problem description, Generating ideas/solutions.
 Defining group contract, on working together.

When and how do you do?
 During the project.
 Working with the ideas/solutions, expanding and explaining.
 Executing the day-by-day plan

When and how do you check?
 //During the project.
 //Daily "5-minute" meeting.
 Writting the report, we check we did what we wanted to do.
 Writting the log.
 If the sprints meets the learning goals
 KPIs
 FURPS+

When and how do you act?
 After the project, review how well we worked together, followed the plan ect.


-- Ex 5 --
How do PDCA relate to other areas whithin system development (and programming)?

What area do you apply it to?
 Singing Christmas Songs.
 Unit Testing.

When and how do you plan?
 Plan what songs to sing.
 Before making the code, make the unit tests.

When and how do you do?
 Sing the songs, dance around the trees.
 Writting the code.

When and how do you check?
 Talk about how badly we sing afterwards.
 Running the tests.

When and how do you act?
 We don't.
 Refactor the code.
